Total pages: 3
--- PAGE 1 ---
Kevin Nguyen
Curriculum Vitae for Faculty - Graduate School Application
Los Angeles, CA | 341-356-1764 | nguyentdkkevin@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/kevin-nguyen-b4915029a/
EDUCATION
University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) Los Angeles, CA
Cumulative GPA: 3.79 | Total Completed Units: 378.5 Expected Graduation: Spring 2026
B.S. in Statistics and Data Science
Relevant Coursework: Statistical Models in Finance (STATS C183), Linear Models (STATS 100C), Mathematical Statistics (STATS
100B), Monte Carlo Methods (STATS 102C), Optimization for Statistics (STATS 102B), Introduction to Data Mining (STATS 101C),
Practice in Statistical Consulting (STATS 140XP)
B.S. in Mathematics of Computation
Relevant Coursework: Stochastic Processes (MATH 171), Machine Learning (MATH 156), Applied Numerical Methods II (MATH
151B), Algorithms (CS 180) Computer Organization (CS 33), Data Structures (CS 32), Linear Algebra II (MATH 115B), Problem
Solving for Competition Math (MATH 100), Complex Analysis (MATH 132), Analysis II (MATH 131B), Graph Theory (MATH
180), Algebra (MATH 110B)
B.A. in Business Economics
Relevant Coursework: Economic Forecasting (ECON 144), Investments (ECON 106V), Finance (ECON 106F), Game Theory (ECON
106G), Data Science for Economists (ECON 104), Econometrics (ECON 103), Organizational Economics (ECON 106I),
Microeconomic Theory (ECON 101), Macroeconomic Theory (ECON 102), Business Writing and Social Policy (ENGCOMP 131B)
Minor in Accounting
Relevant Coursework: Data Visualization / Analytics in Accounting III (MGMT 142C), Advanced Accounting (MGMT 124)
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
STATISTICAL MODELING
Predicting Taiwanese Business Bankruptcy Los Angeles, CA
Machine Learning July 2025 - August 2025
● Developed a Random Forest model to classify 1000+ startup companies in Taiwan on their likelihood of bankruptcy.
● Ran both a logistic regression with lasso and a random forest model to perform top 10 feature selection. Identified weaknesses
and corrected model imbalance with bagged pooling methods.
● Concluded that the most important features such as Net Value Growth Rate, Persistent EPS, and Interest Bearing Debt, are values
that measure growth rates rather than spot values, showing that consistency is a better indicator of growth than high statistics.
Optimizing Portfolios with Statistical Models Los Angeles, CA
Statistical Models in Finance September 2025 - November 2025
● Generated the efficient frontier of 30 stocks across multiple industries using the mutual fund theorem and identified the minimum
risk, tangent, and other target portfolios.
● Estimated frontiers using SIM, constant correlation model, multigroup model. Analyzed the performances over past periods of
each method using different metrics such as the Jensen differential and the Sharpe ratio.
● Used Vasicek and Blume methods to forecast values in 2022-2025, and used PRESS statistics to find the optimal method.
Forecasting Oil and Gold Prices Los Angeles, CA
Data Science for Economists February 2025 - March 2025
● Forecasted future oil and gold prices by analyzing its time series correlation with stock data (NASDAQ and DJIA indices).
● Selected best forecasting model using test AIC/BIC/MSE values. Concluded that ARDL(1,1) best models oil prices and AR(1,1)
best models gold prices.
● Ran a VAR model to test interaction effects between old and gold prices.
● Visualized numerous plots to analyze the relation between the four time series using the CCF, IRF, CUSUM, and FEVD plots.
DATA ANALYSIS AND VISUALIZATION
Class Is In Session! Los Angeles, CA
Game Theory July 2024 - August 2024
● Used game theory techniques to model optimal collegiate grading schemes. Found best exam times within a quarter are typically
later (first exam Week 5), and moving it earlier would require system-level policies.

--- PAGE 2 ---
● Observed the optimal strategy of collusion in student vs. student environments, setting exam difficulties in professor vs. student
environments, and amounts of covered material in class series for professor v. professor environments.
● Discovered an alarming comparison between curved classes and the famous “Beauty Contest” concept and suggested solutions.
Impacts of Capital Investment on Unemployment Los Angeles, CA
Data Science for Economists February 2025 - March 2025
● Analyzed panel data from 1970 - 1986 containing public and private capital, gross state product, and unemployment rate data.
● Identified California and New York had GSP growth over 10x compared to their peers using the best of pooling/fixed/random
effect techniques. Concluded this was driven by population expansion and technological development during this period.
● Found Texas severely underperforming despite its high mean GSP relative to its predicted levels of public and private capital.
EY Bank Analysis and Visualization Los Angeles, CA
Analytics in Accounting III May 2025 - June 2025
● Used Power BI to visualize dashboards describing amounts of each debt securities type across different bank sizes.
● Transformed massive csv/excel data with Power Query and calculated new interest rate columns using table formulas.
● Examined how the average amount of HTM and AFS bonds change over the years by mapping trend lines in Tableau.
Investments and Finance Labs Los Angeles, CA
Investments and Finance September 2024 - December 2024, April 2025 - June 2025
● Analyzed housing bubble data and used an exponential decay model to observe probability of banks defaulting
● Verified the put-call parity for options within a binomial tree setting, and compared it with convertible/vanilla bond strategies.
● Used NPV analysis to evaluate three career and education paths, concluding that MBAs yield the highest expected value.
● Calculated for 20+ companies, their alpha using the CAPM model, and their enterprise values using financial statement data.
CODING PROJECTS
Tunnelman Game Los Angeles, CA
Data Structures July 2024 - August 2024
● Developed a 2D-grid game implementing core gameplay mechanics of digging, collecting goodies, and avoiding obstacles.
● Created breadth-first search algorithms for AI pathfinding and responsive enemy behavior.
● Applied object-oriented programming principles, including inheritance and polymorphism, to track “actor states”.
● Designed the game to modify difficulty across multiple levels using parameters that follow automatically increasing formulas.
TEACHING EXPERIENCE
UCLA Anderson School of Management Los Angeles, CA
Undergraduate Teaching Assistant December 2023 - December 2024
● Answered varying questions from students during weekly office hours in place of the professor.
● Facilitate midterms and finals for three different classes related to financial accounting and taxation principles.
● Graded over 120 midterms and finals.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
PwC San Jose, CA
Quantitative Solutions and Technology Intern July 2025 - Present
● Developed Alteryx workflows to parse complex data sets and generate tax approximation models rapidly for clients with over
1000+ subsidiaries.
● Leveraged software tools to automate tax calculations for clients based on their financial statement data and organization charts.
● Reviewed and prepared tax workpapers and returns (Forms 5471, 8858, and their schedules) for three major multinational clients.
Grant Thornton San Jose, CA
Corporate Tax and Data Analytics Intern June 2024 - September 2024
● Conducted over 10 transfer pricing analyses, benchmarking intercompany transactions to ensure compliance with international tax
regulations.
● Assisted in preparing a full transfer pricing documentation and reports, providing support for audits and regulatory inquiries.
● Evaluated tax-related risks and risk management strategies, identifying areas for improved compliance and operational efficiency.
Loan Factory San Jose, CA
Marketing Intern July 2023 - September 2023
● Advised the CEO directly regarding social media and advertisement strategies.
● Compiled meta reels and youtube shorts using 200+ minutes of company interview footage with photoshop.
● Monitored four of the company’s social media accounts.
● Administered the usage of Opus Clip into the regular course of advertisement amongst the marketing team.

--- PAGE 3 ---
AWARDS
ASA Datafest 2025 Los Angeles, CA
Winner May 2025
● Won first place in the West Coast’s largest data hackathon with over 400 total participants from across 10+ universities.
● Analyzed leasing market data for the financial industry by utilizing Python to generate random forest models and other analytics.
● Utilized Power BI to create and present to a panel of ASA-certified judges, winning the Datafest Visualization category.
AIME Qualifier San Jose, CA
Score: 5/15 November 2020 - June 2022
● Made it through the AMC 12 two years in a row, representing my high school in competition math both years.
● Mentored other high schooler students in competition math strategies in multiple local events as Vice President of Math Club..
LEADERSHIP
Young Entrepreneurs Program Los Angeles, CA
Program Manager September 2023 - Present
● Produced a program schedule for a Day of Entrepreneurship event at UCLA.
● Presented and taught 30+ students about principles of financial accounting and its importance in entrepreneurship.
● Instructed a team of seven students in developing a business model for an example fashion company step by step.
Enigma Los Angeles, CA
President May 2025 - Present
● Directed a board of 12 officers every week to execute campus-wide events on Tuesdays, board game nights with 50+ participants
on Fridays, and off-campus socials on Saturdays.
● Monitored the preparation for the 40th club anniversary celebration, a four-day city-wide event, by fundraising $9000+.
● Managed Enigma’s TTRPG-focused sister branch of over 70 active members in scheduling 10+ sessions every week.
SKILLS, ORGANIZATIONS & INTERESTS
Languages: C++, R, Python, Assembly
Packages: scikit-learn, PyTorch, Tidyverse, statsmodels.tsa, randomForest, glmnet, ggplot
Tools: Alteryx, Excel, Tableau, Power BI, Power Query, Power Pivot, Google Sheets
Editing Software: Photoshop, Gimp
Organizations: Young Entrepreneurship Program, Beta Alpha Psi, Enigma, Vietnamese Student Union, UCLA Climbing Team
Interests: Dungeons and Dragons, Pianist, Hiking, Skiing, Climbing, Game Development, Parkour and Freerunning, Taekwondo,
Competition Math, Badminton, Speedcubing, and Cardistry

